.TH "ltsp-build-client" "8" 
.SH "NAME" 
ltsp-build-client \(em Builds an LTSP client system for use with the LTSP server 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBltsp-build-client\fR [\-\-root ]  [\-\-dist ]  [\-\-components ]  [\-\-mirror ]  [\-\-extra-mirror ]  [\-\-security-mirror ]  [\-\-exclude ]  [\-\-early-packages ]  [\-\-late-packages ]  [\-\-serial-console ]  [\-\-arch ]  [\-\-debconf-seeds ]  [\-\-apt-keys ]  [\-\-help ]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
\fBltsp-build-client\fR uses the ubuntu archive mirrors in order to 
build an ltsp client for use with the ltsp server.  This chroot installation  
can be modified in a number of ways as outlined in the OPTIONS section.  A 
configuration file is held in \fB/etc/ltsp/ltsp-build-client.conf\fP, these options 
can be overridden using the command line options. 
Visit http://www.ltsp.org for more information  
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB\-\-root\fP \fIrootpath\fR" 10 
Sets the default path for the ltsp chroot to be installed into,  
default /opt/ltsp/\fBARCH\fP    
.IP "\fB\-\-dist\fP \fIdistribution\fR" 10 
Distribution : Sets the distribution to use when downloading from the  
Ubuntu archives, default dapper 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-components\fP \fIcomponents\fR" 10 
Allows a list of archive components to be chosen for download,  
default main restricted 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-mirror\fP \fImirror_url\fR" 10 
Allows a local Ubuntu mirror to be chosen for a faster download, urls  
like file://cdrom can also be specified here. 
default http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-extra-mirror\fP \fImirror_url dist components\fR" 10 
Sets the inclusion of an extra mirror if downloading pacakges from 
an alternative location.  This option can also have dist and component 
variables associated as demonstrated above. If no dist and components  
are specified the defaults are used.  Urls like file://cdrom can also  
be specified here. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-security-mirror\fP \fImirror_url dist components\fR" 10 
Sets the inclusion of a security mirror.  This option can also have  
dist and component variables associated as demonstrated above. 
If no dist and components are specified the defaults are used. 
Urls like file://cdrom can also be specified here. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-exclude\fP \fIpackage1 package2\fR" 10 
Includes a list of packages to be excluded from installation into the 
build. 
.IP "\fB\-\-early-packages\fP \fIpackage1 package2\fR" 10 
Includes a list of packages to be installed before the bulk of packages. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-late-packages\fP \fIpackage1 package2\fR" 10 
Includes a list of packages to be installed after the bulk of packages and 
configuration tweaks such as kernel. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-serial-console\fP" 10 
Enables the default serial console on the new ltsp-build. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-arch\fP \fIi386 | powerpc\fR" 10 
Builds an i386 chroot on an amd64 or a powerpc chroot on a ppc64.   
An error will be presented if the arch chosen is unsupported. 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-debconf-seeds\fP" 10 
Loads the debconf pre-seeding files into the new chroot environment 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-apt-keys\fP \fIkey1 key2\fR" 10 
Specifies keys to add to the apt keyring 
 
.IP "\fB\-\-help\fP" 10 
Displays the ltsp-build-client help message 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBltsp-update-sshkeys\fP\fB(8)\fP, 
\fBltsp-update-kernels\fP\fB(8)\fP. 
.SH "AVAILABILITY" 
.PP 
\fBltsp-build-client\fR is part of \fBltsp\fP package 
and the latest versions are available in source form from 
\fIhttps://launchpad.net/products/ltsp (link to URL https://launchpad.net/products/ltsp) \fR. 
.SH "MAN PAGE AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Peter Savage \- silentk \- cbx33 
debug@silentkeystroke.co.uk 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Fri 21 Apr 2006, 06:18 
