.TH "ltsp-chroot" "8" "2012-02-11" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
ltsp\-chroot \- Chroots into a specific LTSP thin client chroot 

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-chroot\fR  <options>

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-chroot\fR chroots into a specified LTSP chroot. Optional arguments
can be provided to customize the chroot location as well as extra mounts.
If present, default arguments will be read from the configuration file 
/etc/ltsp/ltsp\-chroot.conf, and overwritten with used command line options.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP 
.IP "\fB\-a\fP \fB\-\-arch\fP \fIarch\fR" 10 
Sets the architecture of the target chroot. Defaults vary by distribution.

.IP "\fB\-b\fP \fB\-\-base\fP \fIdir\fR" 10 
Sets the path of the target chroot. Defaults to /opt/ltsp/.

.IP "\fB\-c\fP \fB\-\-mount\-package\-cache\fP" 10 
If set, mounts the server package directories to the chroot previous to
chrooting. Settings vary by distribution.

.IP "\fB\-d\fP \fB\-\-mount\-dev\fP" 10 
If set, mounts the server dev and devpts directories to the chroot previous to
chrooting.

.IP "\fB\-p\fP \fB\-\-mount\-proc\fP" 10 
If set, mounts the server proc to the chroot previous to chrooting.

.IP "\fB\-m\fP \fB\-\-mount\-all\fP" 10 
If set, mounts the proc, dev and package directories to the chroot before
chrooting.

.IP "\fB\-p\fP \fB\-\-copy\-resolv\-conf\fP" 10 
If set, copies the server resolv.conf to the chroot previous to
chrooting.

.IP "\fB\-h\fP \fB\-\-help\fP" 10 
Displays the ltsp\-chroot help message.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-build\-client\fP\fB(8)\fP, 

.SH "AVAILABILITY"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-chroot\fR is part of \fBltsp\fP package and the latest versions
are available in source form from \fIhttps://launchpad.net/products/ltsp\fR. 

.SH "MAN PAGE AUTHOR"
.PP 
Wim Muskee <wimmmuskee@gmail.com>
.PP 

