.TH "ltsp-build-client" "8" "2011-08-11" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
ltsp\-build\-client \- Builds an LTSP client system for use with the LTSP server 

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-build\-client\fR  <options>

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-build\-client\fR builds an ltsp client chroot using standard packages
for use with the ltsp server.  This chroot installation  can be modified in a
number of ways as outlined in the OPTIONS section.  If present, defaults will
be read from the configuration file /etc/ltsp/ltsp\-build\-client.conf, and
will be overridden by using the command line options. \fBltsp\-build\-client\fR
is usually run as the root user.  Visit http://www.ltsp.org for more
information.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP 
Not all options are available on all installations. For a complete list of
available options, use the \fB\-\-help\fR and \fB\-\-extra\-help\fR options.

.IP "\fB\-\-arch\fP \fIarch\fR" 10 
Builds a chroot with the specified architecture. Must be a supported
architecture of the distribution, and compatible with the host architecture.
Defaults vary by distribution.

.IP "\fB\-\-base\fP \fIdir\fR" 10 
Sets the default path for the ltsp chroots to be installed into. Defaults to
/opt/ltsp/.

.IP "\fB\-\-chroot\fP \fIfile\fR" 10 
Sets the default name for the ltsp chroot. Defaults to the architecture
selected with \-\-arch or the running architecture.

.IP "\fB\-\-config\fP \fIfile\fR" 10 
Load configuration defaults from specified file. See \fBCONFIG FILE\fR below
for more information.

.IP "\fB\-\-exclude\fP \fIpackages\fR" 10 
Sets packages to exclude from the initial client chroot.
 
.IP "\fB\-\-extra\-help\fP" 10 
Displays all available commandline options.

.IP "\fB\-\-help\fP" 10 
Displays the ltsp\-build\-client help message.

.IP "\fB\-\-mirror\fP \fImirror_url\fR" 10 
Select the mirror to download packages from. file:/// and http:// URLs are
supported.

.IP "\fB\-\-purge\-chroot\fP" 10 
Purges the existing LTSP chroot if present.

.SH "CONFIG FILE"
.PP
\fBltsp\-build\-client\fR will read a configuration file to override built-in
defaults. the default location for this configuration file is
/etc/ltsp/ltsp\-build\-client.conf, and can be specified with the \-\-conf
commandline option.

.PP
values are NAME="VALUE" pairs, with # representing commented lines. most
commandline options have an equivalent. an example Debian based system with an
alternate base location, architecture, and distribution:

.PP
 # set alternate default location for ltsp chroot (\-\-base)
 BASE="/srv/ltsp"
 # build an amd64 chroot by default (\-\-arch)
 ARCH="amd64"
 # build a Debian sid environment (\-\-dist)
 DIST="sid"

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-update\-sshkeys\fP\fB(8)\fP, 
\fBltsp\-update\-kernels\fP\fB(8)\fP. 

.SH "AVAILABILITY"
.PP 
\fBltsp\-build\-client\fR is part of \fBltsp\fP package and the latest versions
are available in source form from \fIhttps://launchpad.net/products/ltsp\fR. 

.SH "MAN PAGE AUTHOR"
.PP 
Peter Savage \- silentk \- cbx33 
debug@silentkeystroke.co.uk
.PP 
updated 2006, 2009 by Vagrant Cascadian <vagrant@freegeek.org>,
2011 by Wim Muskee <wimmuskee@gmail.com>
.\" created by instant / docbook\-to\-man, Fri 21 Apr 2006, 06:18
